Cloud common - Infrastructure-as-a-Service (IaaS) closes #185 (#460)
bob-crutchley/courseware: topics/cloud/modules/infrastructure-as-a-service/README.md

There is no possibility to have access to the physical resources.

In the following picture we can see the responsibilities of the vendor and client when comparing IaaS against On
 Premises hosting.
 
![SaaS](https://imgur.com/GV9gjSA.jpg)

One thing the picture doesn't include is the actual physical premises.
 
### Business scenarios

There are some typical business case scenarios where IaaS is applicable like:
* **Test and development** work where environments used for testing can be disposed or set up quickly.
Additionally these environments can be scaled up or down, saving you money.
* **Website hosting** Hosting a website through IaaS could be less expensive than doing it the traditional way.
* **Storage, backup and recovery** Takes away the need of skilled staff for management and security for the data
 storage. 
Handles unpredictable demand and growing storage needs automatically or manually. 
Simplifies the management and planning of backup and recovery systems.
* **Web Apps** have the support, storage, servers and networking provided to deploy them. 
Allows quick deployment with scalable structure based on demand, especially useful when demand is unpredictable.

> * **Performance computing** that requires millions of variables or calculations is supported. Simulations for weather

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Performance computing** that requires millions of variables or calculations is supported, such as for weather and climate simulation.
```

> , climate and any other can be carried out.

Reviewer: one sentence on one line?

> , climate and any other can be carried out.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> * **Big Data** means data sets that contain potentially valuable patterns, trends or have any associations, it's a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Big Data** is a popular term in the modern IT industry and has enjoyed significant media coverage.

It refers to data sets that contain potentially valuable patterns, trends or have any associations, 
```

>  popular therm these days and can be seen in latest news articles about IT. 

Reviewer: one sentence on one line?

>  popular therm these days and can be seen in latest news articles about IT. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

>  Mining these data sets in order to locate these hidden patterns is computationally intensive, it can be obtained

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 Mining these data sets in order to locate these hidden patterns is computationally intensive, and can be done through IaaS.
```

>   through IaaS. 

Reviewer: one sentence on one line?

>   through IaaS. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

### Advantages

> Here are some of the main advantages:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here are some of the main advantages of IaaS:
```

- **No capital expense and reduction in costs.**

> There is no upfront costs as you pay for what you use. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are no upfront costs as you pay for what you use. 
```

An attractive solution for start-ups.
- **Business continuity and disaster recovery.** 
Typically in order to achieve high availability, disaster recovery and business continuity requires a significant investment in both technology and staff.

>  With the right Service Layer Agreement (SLA) on IaaS you could reduce the costs while achieving the previously mentioned functionality. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 With the right **Service Layer Agreement (SLA)** on IaaS you could reduce the costs while achieving the previously mentioned functionality. 
```

- **Rapid innovation** the infrastructure is ready in minutes or hours for you to launch a product compared to days or weeks when done internally.

> - **Rapid response** to demand with scaling up to accommodate those holiday spikes and scaling down once they're over saves money. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Rapid response** to demand with scaling up and down, e.g. to accommodate holiday spikes, and scaling down, which saves money. 
```

- **More focus on business** time saved on not requiring to care for the IT infrastructure can be spent on other business needs. 
- **Stability, reliability and supportability** can be achieved with the right SLA with the provider. 
Things like: software updates, hardware, troubleshooting or equipment problems could be taken care of by the provider freeing up the time to focus on the business. 

> - **Security** through the service provider can be better in most cases than what you may be able to achieve in house, it will depend on the SLA you choose.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Security** through the service provider can be better in most cases than what you may be able to achieve in-house, though this will depend on the SLA you choose.
```
